Fn spamhaus query (#40)
ibmresilient/resilient-community-apps: fn_spamhaus_query/README.md

# Spamhaus Function for IBM Resilient  
  
## Table of Contents    
- [About This Package](#about-this-package)  
 - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)  
 - [Installation](#installation)  
 - [Function Inputs](#function-inputs)  
 - [Function Output](#function-output)  
 - [Pre-Process Script](#pre-process-script)  
 - [Post-Process Script](#post-process-script)
 - [Rules](#rules)  
 ---  
 ## About This Package  

> **This function checks IP Address & Domain Names Artifacts against [Spamhaus](https://www.spamhaustech.com/) database to see whether artifact is in block list records or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This function checks IP Address & Domain Name type Artifacts against the [Spamhaus](https://www.spamhaustech.com/) database to determine whether a given Artifact is found in a blocklist. 
```

Author: ok

> if given artifact appears in one of the block list record, then artifacts description filed will be updated with additional information.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if a given Artifact appears in one of the block list record, then the Artifacts description will be updated with additional enrichment information.**
```

Author: ok
